Add yarn install to README (#305)
itchysats/itchysats: README.md

./start_all.sh
```

> Note: Before first run, you need to run `cd frontend; yarn install` command to
> ensure that `vite` gets installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Before first run, you need to run `cd frontend; yarn install` command to
ensure that all dependencies get installed.
```
